# iDiscuss-Student-Collaboration-and-Networking-Portal
Technology has become an important part of education in the 21st century. All modern educational settings are constantly embracing different technological tools and platforms to enhance effectiveness in the learning process. Technology has strong influence on students reading habits, access to information, communication, collaboration, and creativity. The crop of learners in the current generation is tech savvy.  They are very close to their technological gadgets particularly mobile technology devices such as smartphones and tablets.<br>
iDiscuss is a discussion forum that complies with the standards of any other discussion forum available in the market along with some other additional features. A user can access the features of the system by registering into the portal. An individual is required to enter his/her details by registering with their university mail ID. This is followed by an Email verification process after which he/she is directed to the home page. Also, if the user already has an account with us, then he could directly log into the portal.<br>
In the homepage, the user can ask his question in the search bar and select the corresponding category. The users could also post their details in a Contact us form provided in the landing page and ask queries or provide feedback to the admin. The fellow peers in the forum could answer to the user’s questions. The posts and comments could be liked/disliked by all other users. Apart from that, the users can also edit or delete a particular query or an answer. Also, iDiscuss comes with a search and filter feature where the user could filter out the questions by tags or search questions in the search bar.<br> 
The admin can add or remove a particular category. Besides, the admin could also view all the queries and responses of the users along with the count of likes and dislikes. The admin could remove a user from the portal if he/she violates the norms, terms and conditions of iDiscuss.<br> 
The portal is enabled with the feature of profanity filter which does not allow the user to enter words which are deemed to be offensive and violate the rules of the forum. This is done by masking the abusive word written by the user to maintain the decorum of our forum.
